<H1>OpsRamp IoT post to Metric API example</H1><br><br>

This code example is explained in the Bright Talk <A href="https://www.brighttalk.com/webcast/17791/416457">webinar</a>

<h2>Executive overview</h2><br>
OpsRamp has a very extensible API which, when used properly, has the capability to extend the monitoring and<br>
 alerting capabilities of the OpsRamp platform to just about any subsystem within an organization.  This repo<br>
  is an example of how to leverage this open API and post data from any source.  Our example revolves around<br>
   the IoT use case but certainly should not be limited to this use case.  Any IP based resource or gateway<br>
    to a resource should be able to leverage this example.  This code was written and proved out using an MQTT<br>
     client running on a Raspberry Pi 3+ subscribed to events on a MQTT broker running Eclipse Mosquitto.  <br><br>

<h2>Files included in this repo</h2><br>
<ul>
<li>OpsRamp_Post_Metric.py<br>
Executable example file with a data generator to prove out the configuration and communication between the<br>
 source environment and the OpsRamp platform.</li>
<li>OpsRampTenantCredentials.json<br>
A JSON file containing the oAuth2 credentials (you must edit) generated by the OpsRamp platform in the<br>
“Setup~Integrations~Integrations” area.  You must create a custom or Webhook integration to generate these credentials.<br>
A JSON file containing the Resource GUID from the OpsRamp platform found in the “Infrastructure~(selected<br> resource)~Attributes” tab</li>
<li>MQTTtoOpsRamp.py<br>
This is also an executable example of how to read from an MQTT bus and post the metric to OpsRamp.  This uses<br>
 the PAHO MQTT client</li>
</ul>
<h2>Cautions and warnings</h2><br>
This code is provided as an example.  It has not been proven for scalability nor for security.  You can use this<br>
 code at your own risk.  <br>
